Mina- san is a sweet pepper It's a new game from this time on
Dragon ball z
a Kusutobubu I will continue to live in the same year
And see, if everyone's if good in the I want to out fun and a lot of play-by-play video
I'm glad if you give
This year is truly Dragon Ball construction
Hey game also another that this in two eyes is it a tax cut Dragon Ball Zeno Bath
I will watch the game so you can see them too
Then let's get started or it looks interesting
From now What's it ne Whose voice of the voice of the rain of persons
Was I there is a Oh put oko variety of modes me Oh Oh no let's take a look at taste
Please see the screen
The first mode is z Story and the second is Maya Wonder Adventure
Dakoko
Guy's first area to increase the equipment and fellow
It seems to be interesting in the mode aiming at the capture of the mission while adventure in the area of
And the third is the mode that aims to win the victory at Tenkaiichi Budokai Tenkaiichi Budokai today
The challenge mode in the school will be in half fur and free battle vs battle
Dragon Ball Quest will be huge
It is an earth passing communication function that passes each other and an extra
First of all, in live video, I would like to advance this z story
I think I'll do other things here and here, so I will do Irabu.
Look forward to
Then let's start the z story first of all in real condition first
What's going to happen
What 's this is the first story
Dragon team closing empty rice Pay Gee data
Everybody laughs on the way to everyone laughs bg everyone is a little scared
Hey
All So I start let's do a story in the kana 10 there is the
scenario
It looks over scenario 01 came I is
Let's start to have a laugh with a rabbits that would make it a weird
Scenario 01 Let's play here and let's go on the four- person display
This is five years from Tenkaichi Budokai where the country won the victory
The son of rice was born in Goku and the days of peace continued
It is the mystery alien player Rabbits who broke the room
Raditz was a Saiyan claiming to be what country
Raditz will take away the rice to bring in the country
go The sky goes to Son Gohan's food Dhaka with piccolo
On that is off of changing the I folded rice prison
What to do nothing came Oh I voice I do voice is not in differents et al together here
I was told that I will kill 100 people of this star by tomorrow , but saying such a thing is expensive
Strong day
It's over and it's time to come back with aura child
Come on Hey good and was a big brother to go against going to a do it Do Ola to Ernie
go Chagocha Iau the Piccolo shaken Zoya Once you keep on about it
Poop
Come your face feelings guy around Bae
Malformation
Hahaha haha ​​haha
Your body has been lightened for the first time in 4 long years
What is that because I took off such things
Bibby Lou Kakarotto Mememe 1,000 US dollars was up to 408 and 416 tour
It's a little stronger than Goku
I'm laughing that I'll come to laugh at that level
I have a strategy and elaborate Now Ne monjayaki just strength Kyakya saying is because game
Carp rod u-kiss is my family's shame It's a shame I say dead suddenly
But this guy is really knitting machine
It was incredible Hey there suddenly induce vomiting rant began the city
High with Raditz, but Re Player 1 screen here that issued'm in Ayatsu Piccolo and Goku
On I think that there is no need like this value to increase the value
Let's do it only with the screen display
It nareyo also to the feelings of her husband after being suddenly told Mae dead big brother
Oh This How corner sutra system Ne I do not Toka tutorial
Was difficult difficult a little like this fighting game to what Kamokamo did most
It won't happen
Himself a women's lives we to Iei
'S a country we Shiizo
The fishing cooperative system
Tsu yes yes you have your Obobo Lamy and bashed
Ha ha ha passed a little
It's a good thing and I beat it if I hit the button in a row
I'm happy with the way game
Kana Truly like and tricks piccolo early say in the four that skill aura Shi strangled have Haggai the guy
While
Village would with'll either recovery condition was preparing to come - eating
Well sightseeing soppopon
I wanted a voice here
Is tiny Sowa prestigious say say
I could not hear the sound for a moment
It would be too god for me to be able to view or mountain like this
Zamzamaya
But Saiyan 2 people I like flow is my fellow
2 people to arrive in one year after that standing strong single me than strength one year
Ichi Ecc It was a pleasure between the brush and it's all about you if you are a cedar leaf like a mere bugle
It will be
I'll make it easier now with the ball that I hit with a button
Zuzah
Goo Goo
Lari will not appear in the case, but the battle with Rabbits will win in exchange for the life of the country
Was it stored
The day of each training starts to meet the end of two people a year later
End in Scenario 1 in this
eh
Yet have an A with fine
It became to Otsuri scenario the end is y Scenario 1
Is this the end ?
Or whether it Hey, I mean what I mean sound insipid something tutorial what the incoming of
It was nothing If you thought that
Tutorial I do not know- little play I do not know almost I just hit y button in a row
I'm actually dead I say I'm sorry I'm sorry to Raditz Real Princess
Gate 's or now the because it is there is no response do not realize that through
It's been a long time ago and it's pretty short but I want to finish it with this
I think for the moment that I would like to advance the story of this seedling dragon team first
I'm sorry
The sister who will be looking forward to play scenario 0-2 in the next real situation, but appeared
Well I me'll see you next time meet again Do not jerk Pai